Tomorrow's the big day.  Leaving the village, heading off to discover the world!  Little scary I admit, I will miss my family and friends.  But can't write a great book of the world if all you've ever seen is our one little valley. Grinfilger says I'm probably not ready, but studying more books is just telling me what other people already learned.  I want to learn something new on my own!

Goodbye little village.  Can't wait to see what's over the next hill!





First session --

Dessairin River
Vale of Dancing Waters - sacred temple of dwarves


Cackling flaming skull flying about
came around a corner and Vanquish lit me on fire!!
Elmer froze the skull with his chaos

Went along a windy trail - boulder rolled down and squished our rogue... the druid fixed him up though.

Got to a temple, with some amazing dwarven carved statues.

went inside, saw a group of "wedding guests" who suddenly turned into angry dwarven warriors.
Paris poked one to death.  I killed one with catapult, then got pounded by a dwarf and staggered.
Elmer killed the one who hit me, then I magic missiled in sort of a panic and took down a couple heading towards me.
Vanquish healed me... then we got 'ported to another room.

Two dwarf guards, a dwarf leader named <something>, and a great big blue ogre thing.  My party knocked the guards down
quickly, engaged the leader.  I slid to the side, magic-missiled the ogre, and Hoo flew up to try to distract it.

The ogre crushed Hoo.
the dwarf leader fell soon after, Paris slid over to try to defend me from the ogre.  Vanquish entangled it, and we all
started shooting at it to weaken it.   My ice bolt was the final hit to finish the fight.




23 April --

Went back to Red Larch, hung out at the bar a bit.  

The bartender gave us a little bit of backstory on the area:
    Temple of Elemental Evil - thousands of years ago
    Silver Horn
    Haunted Keeps
    Knights of the Silver Horn

    Bandits near town
    Delegation from Mirabar disapeared a month ago

Larman Greenboot - knows the local area.  Very upset, because he found graves where he usually grazes his sheep.

We walked to a hilltop outside of town - was empty until recently.  Now new shallow graves.  As we started to investigate, 

3 guys flew in on giant vultures - attacked us without a comment.
turns out they were part of the Cult of the Howling Hatred

found four shallow graves: 
male dwarf
female human warrior w/ a red axe
male human warrior in stony armor
male human in white robe with black feathers on shoulder

looking around, saw big spire in the distance with more giant birds circling it

Just after camping, we had an extremely tough fight against a giant rockperson - "Stonemender".  It had shockwaves and 
earthquake attacks that had all of us reeling.  Carpetburn got knocked out from the damage, did 
not look well at all.  Paris finally landed a killing blow, and it exploded, nearly finishing him
from the shrapnel.  Thankfully, we had a quiet rest of the night, so we were able to tend to our 
wounds and recover spells.




30 April --

Hiked to the NW to a base of a a large hill/cliff.   Scouting from Hoo and Vanquish's little rat 
friend said that the rise above the cliff was clear, and there was a drawbridge of some sort heading
towards the spire; still see vultures circling it off in the distance.

Carpetburn climbed the cliff, carrying rope, and tossed it down to help the others.  Paris zipped up
the cliff pretty easily.  I decided not to chance it, not being the most athletic gnome, so I Reduced 
myself and used Mage Hand to reach the top, smirking all the way.  Vanquish and Randall followed, 
without any real problems.

After a bit more of a hike, we reached the base of the spire.  A drawbridge led to the spire.

Carpetburn snuck up to the door, tried to open it, and a group of the same looking cultists, lead by
a female knight named Savra, came out.  They were friendly, and  invited us to a feast celebration of 
the "10th anniversary of the Feathergale Knights."  We were escorted to the top of the tower, and met 
Thurl Merosska, their apparent leader.  

We were asked to assist in hunting a manticore -- ON HIPPOGRIFFS.  We got to FLY.  After some scouting,
we spotted the manticore, and had an aerial chase through stone canyons. I managed to web-entangle 
the beast's wings to force it to crash, getting it on the ground.  Then as a group, we proceeded to kill 
it without too much injury (Paris took a tail spike to the shoulder).  He took the beast's head, and we 
all returned to Thurl.  

A large bird-man swooped out of the sky, observed the end of our fight, and congratulated us, but didn't
stick around long enough for me to ask him anything.

When we returned, our success was celebrated; Thurl gave us a gold ring and some coinage.  He asked if
we would be willing to head to the Sacred Stone Monastery in the morning - where a group of monks he 
thinks are causing trouble and summoning evil.

Savra informed us that the knights were trying to master Elemental Air.  We were offered a membership
in the Feathergale Knights.

